### Question: 1
##### Given the following, what will be printed out?
```java
int a = 2;
int b = 3;
int c = 4;
System.out.println(a * b + b / a + (a * c / 4.0) * c);
```

##### Answer: `15.0`

### Question: 2
##### What is the value of myInteger after this line of code is executed?
```java
int myInteger = (int) 5.6;
```

##### Answer: `5`

### Question: 3
##### Which of the following values can correctly be saved in a boolean?

##### Answer: `true`

### Question: 4
##### Assume y is a properly initialized positive integer. Which of the following will always result in a value of 1?

##### Answer: `y /= y;`

### Question: 5
##### Which of the following would equal 2?

##### I.
```java
int x = 0;
x ++;
x += x;
```
##### II.
```java
int y = 4;
y ++;
y /= 2;
```
##### III.
```java
int z = 4;
z += 2;
z /= 2;
```

##### Answer: `I and II Only`

### Question: 6
##### Refer to the following code segment:
```java
double myDouble = 1/4;
System.out.println("1 / 4 = " + myDouble);
```
##### The output of the code is:
```java
1 / 4 = 0.0
```
##### The student wanted the output to be:
```java
1 / 4 = 0.25
```
##### Which change to the first line of their code segment would get the student the answer that they wanted?

##### `double myDouble = (double) 1/4;`

### Question: 7
##### What is the result of this expression?
```java
(int) (5 + 2 / 3 + 1)
```

##### Answer: `6`

### Question: 8
##### What will the following code print?
```java
int n = 5;
n ++;
n ++;
n += n;
System.out.println(n); 
```

##### Answer: `14`

### Question: 9
##### Which of the following is not a primitive type?

##### Answer: `String`

### Question: 10
##### What is the proper syntax to declare and initialize a variable called temperature to have the value 70.4?

##### Answer: `double temperature = 70.4;`

### Question: 11
##### A teacher has calculated the gradeAverage as a double, but for report cards, she needs to report it rounded to the nearest whole number. Assuming that we round up from 0.5, which of the following will correctly round the gradeAverage?

##### Answer: `int rcGrade = (int) (gradeAverage + 0.5);`

### Question: 12
##### What will the output of the following lines of code be?
```java
int x = 10;
int y = x / 4;
System.out.print("x + y = ");
System.out.print(x + y);
```

##### Answer: `x + y = 12`

### Question: 13
##### Which of the following statements is true about variables?

##### Answer: `The memory associated with a variable of a primitive type holds an actual primitive value.`

### Question: 14
##### What is the result of this expression?
```java
4 + 8 * 3 / 4 + 5 % 2
```

##### Answer: `11`

### Question: 15
##### What output will be produced by
```java
System.out.println("Hello");
System.out.println("Karel");
```

##### Answer: 
```
Hello
Karel
```

### Question: 16
##### What is the result of the following expression when x is 125?
`x % 6`

##### Answer: `5`

### Question: 17
##### The following code is intended to print 8.
```java
int x = 23;
double y = 3;
System.out.println((int)(x / y));
```
##### What is printed and why?

##### Answer: `7 becausex / y calculates to 7.66 then the cast to an int results in the value getting truncated to 7`

### Question: 18
##### How many lines will be printed with the following statement?
```java
System.out.println("Hello");
System.out.println(" World");
System.out.print("Welcome to");
System.out.print("Java.");
```

##### Answer: `3`

### Question: 19
##### Which of the following print:
```
Hello Java!
```
##### I.
```java
System.out.println("Hello Java!");
```
##### II.
```java
System.out.print("Hello Java!");
```
##### III.
```java
System.out.print("Hello");
System.out.print("Java!");
```
##### IV.
```java
System.out.println("Hello");
System.out.println("Java!");
```

##### Answer: `I and II only`

### Question: 20
##### Which expression returns the 1’s place of an integer x?

##### Answer: `x % 10`

### Question: 21
##### Joe’s Pizza is creating a program that will calculate the total amount of money an employee earns each week. Employees are paid by the hour and only work in 1 hour increments. Salaries start at minimum wage, but employees get a $0.50 raise after the first month. Which variables would be the best to store the hours and salary of the employees?

##### Answer:
```
int hours
double salary
```

### Question: 22
##### Assume that a, b, and c are all integers with values of 90, 5, and 4 respectively. What would the value of x be in this expression?
```java
int x = a / b / c;
```

##### Answer: `4`

### Question: 23
##### What is the value of x after this code runs?
```java
int x = 5;
x = 10;
x = 4;
```

##### Answer: `4`

### Question: 24
##### A financial planner wants to calculate the average rate of return for clients. She does this by dividing the earnedIncome by the principal amount and displays the value as a double. Which of the following will correctly calculate and store the returnRate, assuming earnedIncome and principal are integers?
```
I. double returnRate = earnedIncome / principal;
II. double returnRate = (double) earnedIncome / principal;
III. double returnRate = (double) (earnedIncome / principal);
```

##### Answer: `II only`

### Question: 25
##### Given a and b as properly initialized integers, which of the following will result in a correct calculation with a decimal answer?

##### Answer: `double y = 1.0 * a / b;`